Docs: Removing outdated plugin_dev doc (#60849)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/legacy/_index.md

## Keep your plugin up to date

> New versions of Grafana can sometimes cause plugins to break. Check out our [doc](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/plugins/migration-guide/) for changes in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New versions of Grafana can sometimes cause plugins to break. See our [documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/plugins/migration-guide/) for changes in
```
